Update rolling restart upgrade documentation (#4971)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/upgrading-eck.asciidoc

[id="{p}-beta-to-ga-rolling-restart"]
=== Control rolling restarts during the upgrade

> Upgrading the operator results in a one-time update to existing managed resources in the cluster. This potentially triggers a rolling restart of pods by Kubernetes to apply those changes. The following table shows the target version that would cause a rolling restart.
> 
> [float]
> [id="{p}-version-upgrades-causing-rolling-restarts"]
> ===== Target version upgrades causing rolling restarts
> [cols="3"]
> |===
> |1.6|1.7|1.9
> |===

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/976373/140273913-54a1d7af-2b26-4cfe-979a-71c010cfba6a.png)

An alternative would be to just replace the table with a list:

```suggestion
Upgrading the operator results in a one-time update to existing managed resources in the cluster. This potentially triggers a rolling restart of pods by Kubernetes to apply those changes. Upgrading the operator to the following versions may cause a rolling restart:

* 1.6
* 1.7
* 1.9
```

_it would require to replace `{p}-version-upgrades-causing-rolling-restarts` where it is used with `{p}-beta-to-ga-rolling-restart`_

Author: 👍  the table is now a list, and the links to this section have been updated.
